welcome to web micro comm this time
we're taking a quick look at this inter
stand for the suzuki GW 250 as always
for the full review more photos and all
the details please visit web bike
Worldcom this inter stand is an optional
accessory for the GW 250 it's very well
made as an original equipment accessory
should be and it's fairly easy to
install as the bike was designed first
interest and so the fit is perfect
Suzuki probably wanted to keep the price
down on the GW 250 but if you're buying
the bike we can definitely recommend
buying this interest and also or have
your dealer install it let's take a look
at how it works and be sure to read all
the details on the installation and the
full web bike worldcom review the center
stand is the foot lever type so first
down on a gently and rock the bike back
and forth slightly to make sure it's
centered between the two legs or feet of
a centrist and then step firmly on the
foot lever and press down with your
right and the bike will ever right up on
to the stand
the center stand holds the bike very
firmly as you can see let's take a look
from another angle push down gently on
the foot lever lock the bikes back and
forth slightly to Center it between the
legs and then step firmly on the foot
lever with your weight the bike will
lift right up on to the stand push the
bike forward by holding both hands IPPs
and the bike will roll right off the
center stone it will only roll a short
distance here's the view from the other
side again Center the bike between the
center standing legs didn't start on the
lift pedal on the bike rises up onto the
stand
this uzuki GW 250 Center stand is very
well made a big bolt goes through a hole
in the bottom of the TW 250 frame which
acts as the pivot point to rotate this
interest and a couple of hefty springs
released the stand and keep it tucked
firmly against the bike when it's not in
use we have more photos and details on
installing this inter stand it's pretty
easy to do very few tools are required
and there are a couple of tips in the
review that help make the job easier
here's one more view looking down at the
foot lever it sticks out slightly from
the left side but it's out of the way
when the stand is in the raised position
so that's a quick look at the Suzuki GW
250 accessories center stand for more
photos and all the details please read
the full review on web bike world time
thanks for watching